[DOCS] Fix typos (#65124)
elastic/elasticsearch: docs/java-rest/low-level/sniffer.asciidoc

--------------------------------------------------

Also, a custom `NodesSniffer` implementation can be provided for advanced

> use-cases that may require fetching the ``Node``s from external sources rather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
use cases that may require fetching the nodes from external sources rather
```
